plain `address` can be sent Ether too (#12623)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

- ``address``: Holds a 20 byte value (size of an Ethereum address).
- ``address payable``: Same as ``address``, but with the additional members ``transfer`` and ``send``.

> The idea behind this distinction was that ``address payable`` is an address you can send Ether to,
> while a plain ``address`` cannot be sent Ether. However, ``call`` member of can be used to send Ether to a plain ``address`` too.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
The idea behind this distinction is that ``address payable`` is an address you can send Ether to,
while you are not supposed to send Ether to a plain ``address``, for example because it might be a smart contract
that was not built to accept Ether.
```
